docs(gradle): Specify that Gradle should be updated when use a more recent JDK version (#1398)
Scalingo/documentation: _posts/languages/java/2000-01-01-gradle.md

       Error: Could not find or load main class org.gradle.wrapper.GradleWrapperMain
```

## Gradle/Gradle Wrapper JDK Compatibility

Be careful when you update the Java runtime of your application.
If the Gradle version does not support the version of Java you specified,

> you may get an error like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you may get an error like this:

```

       Error: Could not find or load main class org.gradle.wrapper.GradleWrapperMain
```

## Gradle/Gradle Wrapper JDK Compatibility

> Be careful when you update the java runtime of your application.
> If the Gradle version does not support the version of Java you specified,
> you may get an error like this:

Reviewer: nitpick:
```suggestion
Be careful when you update the Java runtime of your application.
If the Gradle version does not support the version of Java you specified,
you may get an error like this:

```

```shell
-----> Installing JDK 14... done
-----> Building Gradle app...
-----> executing ./gradlew stage
       
       FAILURE: Build failed with an exception.
       
       * What went wrong:
       Could not determine java version from '14.0.2'.
```

> To fix this error, please use a version of Gradle that supports the version
> of Java you want to use. To know which version is compatible, please refer to
> [this official Gradle documentation page](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/compatibility.html#java)

Reviewer: Better English wording: 
```suggestion
Please use a Gradle version compatible with the Java version you want to use to fix this error. Refer to
[this official Gradle documentation page](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/compatibility.html#java) to know which versions are compatible.
```
